# Math 1572H: Honors Calculus II



### Lectures
- Instructor: Erkao Bao
- Time: 10:10 am - 11 am Mon/Wed/Fri
- Location: Amundson Hall 162
- Office hours: 11am - 12pm Mon/Wed

### Discussion Sections
- Instructor: Tianyu Kong
- Time: 10:10 am - 11 am Tue/Thu
- Location: Mechanical Engineering 102
- Office hours: TBA

### Textbook
- Calculus with Analytic Geometry, 2nd Edition - Simmons

### Prerequisite
Honors student status and permission from the University Honors Program.

### Exams
- Midterm 1 (In Class): Feb 9, Friday
- Midterm 2 (In Class): Mar 13, Wednesday
- Midterm 3 (In Class): Apr 10, Wednesday
- Final (Time to be Announced): May 2, Tuesday

### Make-up Exams
- No make-up exams or quizzes will be given.
- Missing a midterm is permitted only for the most compelling reasons.
- In extraordinary situations, obtain permission from the lecturer (not your TA!) to miss an exam in advance; otherwise, a score of 0 will be awarded.
- If excused from a midterm, the course grade will be determined by giving extra weight to the final exam.
- In extremely exceptional situations, students missing the final exam will fail the course.

### Homework
- Assigned weekly on Canvas.
- Submission through Gradescope is required.
- A subset of problems will be selected for grading based on correctness and completeness.
- The lowest two homework stores will be automatically dropped.

### Quiz
- There will be a 2 mins quiz at the beginning of most of the lectures.
- No makeup quizzes are allowed.
- The lowest 5 quizzes score will be automatically dropped.

### Grading Policy
Grades will be assigned on a curve, with the following weights:
- Quizzes: 5%
- Homework: 20%
- Midterm Exams (each): 15% (Total 45%)
- Final Exam: 30%

### Calculator Policy
Calculators are NOT allowed during quizzes, midterm exams, or the final exam.
All devices (such as laptops and cellphones) must be turned off and stored out of reach during quizzes and exams.

## Communication

- It is the student’s responsibility to stay informed of any announcements, syllabus adjustments, or changes during scheduled classes, discussion sections, by email, or on Canvas.



### Academic Integrity and Responsibility
- Students are expected to maintain academic integrity.
- Coursework, exams, and assessments are opportunities to demonstrate knowledge and learning.
- Attempts to engage in scholastic dishonesty (using disallowed resources, sharing exam content, or copying others' work) will result in academic consequences, as expected for any in-person course.
- Refer to the [Student Conduct Code](https://policy.umn.edu/education/studentresp) for information on student responsibilities, including academic integrity and scholastic honesty.
- For further details, consult the Student Conduct Code.

### Drops/Withdrawals
- [Important dates and deadlines](https://onestop.umn.edu/calendar/academic-calendar?terms=Spring%202024)
