---
layout: archive
title: "Math 8365: Manifold and Topology"
permalink: /teaching/2025_spring_8365
author_profile: false
---

# Math 8365: Manifold and Topology  

---

## Course Details

**Time:**  
MWF 10:10 AM – 11:00 AM  

**Location:**  
Vincent Hall 20  

**Instructor Office:**  
Vincent Hall 365  

**Zoom Meeting ID:**  
[973 584 3950](https://umn.zoom.us/j/9735843950)  

---

## Office Hours
- **To Be Determined (TBD)**  
- Or by appointment.  

---

## Textbooks
This course will primarily follow:  
- **Differential Geometry: Bundles, Connections, Metrics and Curvature** by Clifford Taubes.  

Additionally, the following reference is recommended:  
- **Differential Geometry: Connections, Curvature, and Characteristic Classes** by L. W. Tu.  

---

## Course Topics
The course will cover:  
- Riemannian metric, tensors, and vector bundles.  
- Connections and curvature on a vector bundle, including the Levi-Civita connection.  
- Positivity of curvature and the topology of a manifold.  
- Geodesics, Lie derivatives, the exponential map, and completeness.  
- Characteristic classes and the Chern-Weil theory.  
- Bianchi identities and the Gauss-Bonnet theorem.  
- An introduction to Lie groups.  

**Detailed course content** is available on [Canvas](https://canvas.umn.edu/courses/483935/pages/course-content).  

---

## Prerequisites
A solid understanding of the following topics is essential:  
- Basic point-set topology.  
- Multivariate calculus.  

---

## Homework
Homework assignments will be posted weekly on [Canvas](https://canvas.umn.edu/courses/356310).  
Collaboration on homework is encouraged.  

---

## Exams
There will be **one midterm exam** and **one final exam**, both of which are take-home exams.  

- **Midterm Exam**:  
  **Exam Time:** TBD  

- **Final Exam**:  
  **Exam Time:** TBD  

**Important:**  
- Collaboration is **not allowed** on exams.  
- You may use books or notes, but **internet use** is strictly prohibited.  

---

## Grading Policy
Grades will be based on the following components:  
- **Homework**: 60%  
- **Exams**: 40%  
