---
layout: archive
title: "Math 8365: Manifold and Topology"
permalink: /teaching/2026_spring_8365
author_profile: false
---

## Course Details

**Time:**  
03:35 PM‑04:25 PM MWF 

**Location:**  
Vincent Hall 113

**Instructor Office:**  
Vincent Hall 356  

**Zoom Meeting ID:**  
[973 584 3950](https://umn.zoom.us/j/9735843950)  

## Office Hours
- 1:30pm - 3:30pm Monday at **vincent hall 356**    
- by appointment over zoom

## Textbooks
This course will primarily follow:  
- **Differential Geometry: Bundles, Connections, Metrics and Curvature** by Clifford Taubes.  

## Course Topics
The course will cover:  
- Riemannian metric, tensors, and vector bundles.  
- Connections and curvature on a vector bundle, including the Levi-Civita connection.  
- Positivity of curvature and the topology of a manifold.  
- Geodesics, Lie derivatives, the exponential map, and completeness.  
- Characteristic classes and the Chern-Weil theory.  
- Bianchi identities and the Gauss-Bonnet theorem.  
- An introduction to Lie groups.  

**Detailed course content** is available [here](https://erkaobao.github.io/math/teaching/2025_spring_8365_course_content).  

## Prerequisites
A solid understanding of the following topics is essential:  
- Basic point-set topology.  
- Multivariate calculus.  

## Homework
Homework assignments will be posted on [Canvas](https://canvas.umn.edu/courses/tba).
Collaboration on homework is encouraged.  

## Exams
There will be **one midterm exam** and **one final exam**, both of which are take-home exams.  

- **Midterm Exam**:  
  - **Exam Time:** March 16 - March 22
  - **Type:** Take home.

- **Final Exam**:  
  - **Time:** May 6. The exact time is TBD.
  - **Location:** TBD.
  - **Length:** 2 hours.
  - **Type:** In person.

**Important:**  
- Collaboration is **not allowed** on exams.  

## Grading Policy
Grades will be based on the following components:  
- **Homework**: 60%  
- **Exams**: 40%  
